# python-ngram-experiment

This is a small N-gram tool created to experiment with Python.

## Results

### 10-gram on Shakespeare (400 words)

> In the worth of my untutored lines, makes it assured of acceptance. what i have done is yours what i have to do is yours being part in all i have, devoted yours. were my worth greater, my duty would show greater meantime, as it is, it is bound to your lordship, to whom i wish long life, still lengthened with all happiness. your lordships in all duty, william shakespeare. the argument. lucius tarquinius for his excessive pride surnamed superbus, after he had caused his own fatherinlaw, servius tullius, to be cruelly murdered, and, contrary to the roman laws and customs, not requiring or staying for the peoples suffrages, had possessed himself of the kingdom, went, accompanied with his sons and other noblemen of rome, to besiege ardea. during which siege the principal men of the army meeting one evening at the tent of sextus tarquinius, the kings son, in their discourses after supper, every one commended the virtues of his own wife among whom collatinus extolled the incomparable chastity of his wife lucretia. in that pleasant humour they all posted to rome and intending, by their secret and sudden arrival, to make trial of that which every one had before avouched, only collatinus finds his wife, though it were late in the night, spinning amongst her maids the other ladies were all found dancing and revelling, or in several disports. whereupon the noblemen yielded collatinus the victory, and his wife the fame. at that time sextus tarquinius being inflamed with lucreces beauty, yet smothering his passions for the present, departed with the rest back to the camp from whence he shortly after privily withdrew himself, and was according to his estate royally entertained and lodged by lucrece at collatium. the same night he treacherously stealeth into her chamber, violently ravished her, and early in the morning speedeth away. lucrece, in this lamentable plight, hastily dispatched messengers, one to rome for her father, another to the camp for collatine. they came, the one accompanied with junius brutus, the other with publius valerius and finding lucrece attired in mourning habit, demanded the cause of her sorrow. she, first taking an oath of them for her revenge, revealed the actor, and whole manner of his dealing, and withal suddenly stabbed herself. which done, with one consent they all vowed to root out the whole hated family of the tarquins and bearing the...

### 20-gram on Shakespeare (400 words)

> In the day to please him thou art bright, and dost him grace when clouds do blot the heaven so flatter i the swartcomplexioned night, when sparkling stars twire not thou gildst the even. but day doth daily draw my sorrows longer, and night doth nightly make griefs length seem stronger when in disgrace with fortune and mens eyes, i all alone beweep my outcast state, and trouble deaf heaven with my bootless cries, and look upon my self and curse my fate, wishing me like to one more rich in hope, featured like him, like him with friends possessed, desiring this mans art, and that mans scope, with what i most enjoy contented least, yet in these thoughts my self almost despising, haply i think on thee, and then my state, like to the lark at break of day arising from sullen earth sings hymns at heavens gate, for thy sweet love remembered such wealth brings, that then i scorn to change my state with kings. when to the sessions of sweet silent thought, i summon up remembrance of things past, i sigh the lack of many a thing i sought, and with old woes new wail my dear times waste then can i drown an eye unused to flow for precious friends hid in deaths dateless night, and weep afresh loves long since cancelled woe, and moan th expense of many a vanished sight. then can i grieve at grievances foregone, and heavily from woe to woe tell oer the sad account of forebemoaned moan, which i new pay as if not paid before. but if the while i think on thee dear friend all losses are restored, and sorrows end. thy bosom is endeared with all hearts, which i by lacking have supposed dead, and there reigns love and all loves loving parts, and all those friends which i thought buried. how many a holy and obsequious tear hath dear religious love stoln from mine eye, as interest of the dead, which now appear, but things removed that hidden in thee lie. thou art the grave where buried love doth live, hung with the trophies of my lovers gone, who all their parts of me to thee did give, that due of many, now is thine alone. their images i loved, i view in thee, and thou all they hast all the all of me. if thou
